Add opt-in actor attribution to config audit (#153921)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/auding-settings.md

    Be advised that sensitive data may be audited in plain text when including the request body in audit events, even though all the security APIs, such as those that change the user’s password, have the credentials filtered out when audited.
    ::::

$$$xpack-sa-lf-events-emit-security-config-change-actor$$$

> `xpack.security.audit.logfile.events.emit_security_config_change_actor` ![logo cloud](https://doc-icons.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/logo_cloud.svg "Supported on Elastic Cloud Hosted")

Reviewer: we'll need a version applicability here

```suggestion
`xpack.security.audit.logfile.events.emit_security_config_change_actor` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.6` ![logo cloud](https://doc-icons.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/logo_cloud.svg "Supported on Elastic Cloud Hosted")
```

> :   ([Dynamic](docs-content://deploy-manage/stack-settings.md#dynamic-cluster-setting)) Specifies whether to include actor attribution fields (such as `user.name`, `user.realm`, and `authentication.type`) in `security_config_change` audit events. When enabled, the actor who initiated the configuration change is recorded directly in the event, so it does not need to be correlated with a separate `access_granted` or `transport` event using `request.id`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:   ([Dynamic](docs-content://deploy-manage/stack-settings.md#dynamic-cluster-setting)) Specifies whether to include attribution fields for the actor that initiated the change (such as `user.name`, `user.realm`, and `authentication.type`) in `security_config_change` audit events. Note that this is not related to the target of the request itself.
```

I'll rephrase it a bit to make it clear the difference between the actor and the target user.
